.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

### All Submissions:

-   [ ] Have you followed the [WooCommerce Contributing guideline](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)?
-   [ ] Does your code follow the [WordPress' coding standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/)?
-   [ ] Have you checked to ensure there aren't other open [Pull Requests](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pulls) for the same update/change?

<!-- Mark completed items with an [x] -->

<!-- You can erase any parts of this template not applicable to your Pull Request. -->

### Changes proposed in this Pull Request:

<!-- Describe the changes made to this Pull Request and the reason for such changes. -->

Closes # .

<!-- The next section is mandatory. If your PR doesn't require testing, please indicate that you are purposefully omitting instructions. -->

- [ ] This PR is a very minor change/addition and does not require testing instructions (if checked you can ignore/remove the next section).

<!-- Begin testing instructions -->

### How to test the changes in this Pull Request:

<!-- Otherwise, please include detailed instructions on how these changes can be tested (including pre-conditions, configuration, steps to take and expected results). It may help to write your instructions using pseudocode -- as if you're telling a computer how to execute the test. -->

1.
2.
3.

<!-- End testing instructions -->

### Other information:

-   [ ] Have you added an explanation of what your changes do and why you'd like us to include them?
-   [ ] Have you written new tests for your changes, as applicable?
-   [ ] Have you created a changelog file for each project being changed, ie `pnpm --filter=<project> changelog add`?

<!-- Mark completed items with an [x] -->

### FOR PR REVIEWER ONLY:

-   [ ] I have reviewed that everything is sanitized/escaped appropriately for any SQL or XSS injection possibilities. I made sure Linting is not ignored or disabled.

Commit message:

Add checkbox to the pull request template to ask the PR author to read the testing instructions guide before writing them. (#36577)

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

### All Submissions:

-   [ ] Have you followed the [WooCommerce Contributing guideline](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/trunk/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)?
-   [ ] Does your code follow the [WordPress' coding standards](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/coding-standards/)?
-   [ ] Have you checked to ensure there aren't other open [Pull Requests](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/pulls) for the same update/change?

<!-- Mark completed items with an [x] -->

<!-- You can erase any parts of this template not applicable to your Pull Request. -->

### Changes proposed in this Pull Request:

<!-- Describe the changes made to this Pull Request and the reason for such changes. -->

Closes # .

<!-- The next section is mandatory. If your PR doesn't require testing, please indicate that you are purposefully omitting instructions. -->

- [ ] This PR is a very minor change/addition and does not require testing instructions (if checked you can ignore/remove the next section).

<!-- Begin testing instructions -->

### How to test the changes in this Pull Request:

<!-- Otherwise, please include detailed instructions on how these changes can be tested. Please, make sure to review and follow the guide for writing high-quality testing instructions below. -->

- [ ] Have you followed the [Writing high-quality testing instructions guide](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/wiki/Writing-high-quality-testing-instructions)?

1.
2.
3.

<!-- End testing instructions -->

### Other information:

-   [ ] Have you added an explanation of what your changes do and why you'd like us to include them?
-   [ ] Have you written new tests for your changes, as applicable?
-   [ ] Have you created a changelog file for each project being changed, ie `pnpm --filter=<project> changelog add`?

<!-- Mark completed items with an [x] -->

### FOR PR REVIEWER ONLY:

-   [ ] I have reviewed that everything is sanitized/escaped appropriately for any SQL or XSS injection possibilities. I made sure Linting is not ignored or disabled.
