README.md, before:

# WooCommerce - excelling eCommerce
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)

Welcome to the WooCommerce repository on GitHub. Here you can browse the source, look at open issues and keep track of development. We recommend all developers to follow the [WooCommerce development blog](http://develop.woothemes.com/woocommerce/) to stay up to date about everything happening in the project.

If you are not a developer, please use the [WooCommerce plugin page](http://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) on WordPress.org.

## Support
This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core WooCommerce issues only. Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* The [public support forums](http://wordpress.org/support/plugin/woocommerce) on WordPress.org, where the community can help each other out.
* The [WooThemes premium support portal](http://support.woothemes.com/) for customers who have purchased themes or extensions.

Support requests in issues on this repository will be closed on sight.


## Contributing to WooCommerce
If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with WooCommerce core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please read our [contributor guidelines](https://github.com/woothemes/woocommerce/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information how you can do this.

Commit message:

Added Twitter account link to README.md

README.md, after:

# WooCommerce - excelling eCommerce
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)

Welcome to the WooCommerce repository on GitHub. Here you can browse the source, look at open issues and keep track of development. We recommend all developers to follow the [WooCommerce development blog](http://develop.woothemes.com/woocommerce/) to stay up to date about everything happening in the project. You can also [follow @DevelopWC](https://twitter.com/DevelopWC) on Twitter for the latest development updates.

If you are not a developer, please use the [WooCommerce plugin page](http://wordpress.org/plugins/woocommerce/) on WordPress.org.

## Support
This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core WooCommerce issues only. Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* The [public support forums](http://wordpress.org/support/plugin/woocommerce) on WordPress.org, where the community can help each other out.
* The [WooThemes premium support portal](http://support.woothemes.com/) for customers who have purchased themes or extensions.

Support requests in issues on this repository will be closed on sight.


## Contributing to WooCommerce
If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with WooCommerce core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please read our [contributor guidelines](https://github.com/woothemes/woocommerce/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information how you can do this.
