packages/js/product-editor/src/blocks/generic/taxonomy/README.md, before:

# woocommerce/product-taxonomy-field block

This is a block that displays a taxonomy field, allowing searching, selection, and creation of new items, to be used in a product context.

![Taxonomy block](https://woocommerce.files.wordpress.com/2023/09/woocommerceproduct-taxonomy-field.png)

## Attributes

### slug

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `Yes`

The taxonomy slug.

### property

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `Yes`

Property name in which the taxonomy value is stored in the product.

### label

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Label that appears on top of the field.

### createTitle

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Title of the dialog that appears when creating a new taxonomy.

### dialogNameHelpText

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Help text that appears for the name field in the dialog that appears when creating a new taxonomy.

### parentTaxonomyText

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Label for the parent taxonomy field in the dialog that appears when creating a new taxonomy.


## Usage

Please note that to use this block you need to have the custom taxonomy registered in the backend, attached to the products post type and added to the REST API. Here's a snippet that shows how to add an already registered taxonomy to the REST API:

```php
function YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_prepare_custom1_to_product( $response, $post ) {
	$post_id = $post->get_id();

	if ( empty( $response->data[ 'custom1' ] ) ) {
		$terms = [];

		foreach ( wp_get_post_terms( $post_id, 'custom-taxonomy' ) as $term ) {
			$terms[] = [
				'id'   => $term->term_id,
				'name' => $term->name,
				'slug' => $term->slug,
			];
		}

		$response->data[ 'custom1' ] = $terms;
	}

	return $response;
}

add_filter( 'woocommerce_rest_prepare_product_object', 'YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_prepare_custom1_to_product', 10, 2 );

function YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_add_custom1_to_product( $product, $request, $creating = true ) {
	$product_id = $product->get_id();
	$params     = $request->get_params();
	$custom1s     = isset( $params['custom1'] ) ? $params['custom1'] : array();

	if ( ! empty( $custom1s ) ) {
		if ( $custom1s[0]['id'] ) {
			$custom1s = array_map(
				function ( $custom1 ) {
					return absint( $custom1['id'] );
				},
				$custom1s
			);
		} else {
			$custom1s = array_map( 'absint', $custom1s );
		}
		wp_set_object_terms( $product_id, $custom1s, 'custom-taxonomy' );
	}
}

add_filter( 'woocommerce_rest_insert_product_object', 'YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_add_custom1_to_product', 10, 3 );
```

Here's a snippet that shows how it is used for the Categories field:
  
```php
$product_catalog_section->add_block(
  [
    'id'         => 'product-categories',
    'blockName'  => 'woocommerce/product-taxonomy-field',
    'order'      => 10,
    'attributes' => [
      'slug'               => 'product_cat',
      'property'           => 'categories',
      'label'              => __( 'Categories', 'woocommerce' ),
      'createTitle'        => __( 'Create new category', 'woocommerce' ),
      'dialogNameHelpText' => __( 'Shown to customers on the product page.', 'woocommerce' ),
      'parentTaxonomyText' => __( 'Parent category', 'woocommerce' ),
    ],
  ]
);
```

Commit message:

Add 'placeholder' attribute to taxonomy block and add 'placeholder' attribute to category field in Simple Product Template

packages/js/product-editor/src/blocks/generic/taxonomy/README.md, after:

# woocommerce/product-taxonomy-field block

This is a block that displays a taxonomy field, allowing searching, selection, and creation of new items, to be used in a product context.

![Taxonomy block](https://woocommerce.files.wordpress.com/2023/09/woocommerceproduct-taxonomy-field.png)

## Attributes

### slug

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `Yes`

The taxonomy slug.

### property

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `Yes`

Property name in which the taxonomy value is stored in the product.

### label

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Label that appears on top of the field.

### createTitle

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Title of the dialog that appears when creating a new taxonomy.

### dialogNameHelpText

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Help text that appears for the name field in the dialog that appears when creating a new taxonomy.

### parentTaxonomyText

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Label for the parent taxonomy field in the dialog that appears when creating a new taxonomy.

### placeholder

- **Type:** `String`
- **Required:** `No`

Placeholder for when the input field is empty.


## Usage

Please note that to use this block you need to have the custom taxonomy registered in the backend, attached to the products post type and added to the REST API. Here's a snippet that shows how to add an already registered taxonomy to the REST API:

```php
function YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_prepare_custom1_to_product( $response, $post ) {
	$post_id = $post->get_id();

	if ( empty( $response->data[ 'custom1' ] ) ) {
		$terms = [];

		foreach ( wp_get_post_terms( $post_id, 'custom-taxonomy' ) as $term ) {
			$terms[] = [
				'id'   => $term->term_id,
				'name' => $term->name,
				'slug' => $term->slug,
			];
		}

		$response->data[ 'custom1' ] = $terms;
	}

	return $response;
}

add_filter( 'woocommerce_rest_prepare_product_object', 'YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_prepare_custom1_to_product', 10, 2 );

function YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_add_custom1_to_product( $product, $request, $creating = true ) {
	$product_id = $product->get_id();
	$params     = $request->get_params();
	$custom1s     = isset( $params['custom1'] ) ? $params['custom1'] : array();

	if ( ! empty( $custom1s ) ) {
		if ( $custom1s[0]['id'] ) {
			$custom1s = array_map(
				function ( $custom1 ) {
					return absint( $custom1['id'] );
				},
				$custom1s
			);
		} else {
			$custom1s = array_map( 'absint', $custom1s );
		}
		wp_set_object_terms( $product_id, $custom1s, 'custom-taxonomy' );
	}
}

add_filter( 'woocommerce_rest_insert_product_object', 'YOUR_PREFIX_rest_api_add_custom1_to_product', 10, 3 );
```

Here's a snippet that shows how it is used for the Categories field:
  
```php
$product_catalog_section->add_block(
  [
    'id'         => 'product-categories',
    'blockName'  => 'woocommerce/product-taxonomy-field',
    'order'      => 10,
    'attributes' => [
      'slug'               => 'product_cat',
      'property'           => 'categories',
      'label'              => __( 'Categories', 'woocommerce' ),
      'createTitle'        => __( 'Create new category', 'woocommerce' ),
      'dialogNameHelpText' => __( 'Shown to customers on the product page.', 'woocommerce' ),
      'parentTaxonomyText' => __( 'Parent category', 'woocommerce' ),
    ],
  ]
);
```
