packages/js/README.md, before:

# WooCommerce Packages

Currently we have a set of public-facing packages that can be dowloaded from [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/org/woocommerce) and used in external applications. Here is a non-exhaustive list.

-   `@woocommerce/components`: A library of components that can be used to create pages in the WooCommerce dashboard and reports pages.
-   `@woocommerce/csv-export`: A set of functions to convert data into CSV values, and enable a browser download of the CSV data.
-   `@woocommerce/currency`: A class to display and work with currency values.
-   `@woocommerce/date`: A collection of utilities to display and work with date values.
-   `@woocommerce/navigation`: A collection of navigation-related functions for handling query parameter objects, serializing query parameters, updating query parameters, and triggering path changes.
-   `@woocommerce/tracks`: User event tracking utility functions for Automattic based projects.

## Working with existing packages

-   You can make changes to packages files as normal, and running `pnpm start` will compile and watch both app files and packages.
-   :warning: Add any dependencies to a package using `pnpm add` from the package root.
-   :warning: Make sure you're not importing from any other files outside of the package (you can import from other packages, just use the `import from @woocommerce/package` syntax).
-   Don't change the version in `package.json`.
-   Label your PR with the `Packages` label.
-   See the [Package Release Tool](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/f9e7a5a3fb11cdd4dc064c02e045cf429cb6a2b6/tools/package-release/README.md) for instructions on how to release packages.

---

## Creating a new package

Most of this is pulled [from the Gutenberg workflow](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#creating-new-package).

To create a new package, add a new folder to `/packages`, containing…

1. `package.json` based on the template:
    ```json
    {
    	"name": "@woocommerce/package-name",
    	"version": "1.0.0-beta.0",
    	"description": "Package description.",
    	"author": "Automattic",
    	"license": "GPL-2.0-or-later",
    	"keywords": [ "wordpress", "woocommerce" ],
    	"homepage": "https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/tree/trunk/packages/js/[_YOUR_PACKAGE_]/README.md",
    	"repository": {
    		"type": "git",
    		"url": "https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce.git"
    	},
    	"bugs": {
    		"url": "https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/issues"
    	},
    	"main": "build/index.js",
    	"module": "build-module/index.js",
    	"react-native": "src/index",
    	"publishConfig": {
    		"access": "public"
    	}
    }
    ```
2. `.npmrc` file which disables creating `package-lock.json` file for the package:
    ```
    package-lock=false
    ```
3. `README.md` file containing at least:
    - Package name
    - Package description
    - Installation details
    - Usage example
4. A `src` directory for the source of your module, which will be built by default using the `pnpm run turbo:build` command. Note that you'll want an `index.js` file that exports the package contents, see other packages for examples.

5. Add the new package name to `packages/js/dependency-extraction-webpack-plugin/assets/packages.js` so that users of that plugin will also be able to use the new package without enqueuing it.

Commit message:

add changelog files and readme update

packages/js/README.md, after:

# WooCommerce Packages

Currently we have a set of public-facing packages that can be dowloaded from [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/org/woocommerce) and used in external applications. Here is a non-exhaustive list.

-   `@woocommerce/components`: A library of components that can be used to create pages in the WooCommerce dashboard and reports pages.
-   `@woocommerce/csv-export`: A set of functions to convert data into CSV values, and enable a browser download of the CSV data.
-   `@woocommerce/currency`: A class to display and work with currency values.
-   `@woocommerce/date`: A collection of utilities to display and work with date values.
-   `@woocommerce/navigation`: A collection of navigation-related functions for handling query parameter objects, serializing query parameters, updating query parameters, and triggering path changes.
-   `@woocommerce/tracks`: User event tracking utility functions for Automattic based projects.

## Working with existing packages

-   You can make changes to packages files as normal, and running `pnpm start` will compile and watch both app files and packages.
-   :warning: Add any dependencies to a package using `pnpm add` from the package root.
-   :warning: Make sure you're not importing from any other files outside of the package (you can import from other packages, just use the `import from @woocommerce/package` syntax).
-   Don't change the version in `package.json`.
-   Label your PR with the `Packages` label.
-   See the [Package Release Tool](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/blob/f9e7a5a3fb11cdd4dc064c02e045cf429cb6a2b6/tools/package-release/README.md) for instructions on how to release packages.

---

## Creating a new package

Most of this is pulled [from the Gutenberg workflow](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#creating-new-package).

To create a new package, add a new folder to `/packages`, containing…

1. `package.json` based on the template:
    ```json
    {
    	"name": "@woocommerce/package-name",
    	"version": "1.0.0-beta.0",
    	"description": "Package description.",
    	"author": "Automattic",
    	"license": "GPL-2.0-or-later",
    	"keywords": [ "wordpress", "woocommerce" ],
    	"homepage": "https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/tree/trunk/packages/js/[_YOUR_PACKAGE_]/README.md",
    	"repository": {
    		"type": "git",
    		"url": "https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce.git"
    	},
    	"bugs": {
    		"url": "https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/issues"
    	},
    	"main": "build/index.js",
    	"module": "build-module/index.js",
    	"react-native": "src/index",
    	"publishConfig": {
    		"access": "public"
    	}
    }
    ```
2. `.npmrc` file which disables creating `package-lock.json` file for the package:
    ```
    package-lock=false
    ```
3. `README.md` file containing at least:
    - Package name
    - Package description
    - Installation details
    - Usage example
4. A `src` directory for the source of your module, which will be built by default using the `pnpm run turbo:build` command. Note that you'll want an `index.js` file that exports the package contents, see other packages for examples.

5. A blank Changelog file, `changelog.md`.

```
# Changelog

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
```

6. Add the new package name to `packages/js/dependency-extraction-webpack-plugin/assets/packages.js` so that users of that plugin will also be able to use the new package without enqueuing it.
