# Testing notes and ZIP for release 10.0.4

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/11398343/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## WooCommerce Core

### Check that the customized fallback template is archive-product before saving. [(9330)](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9330)

1. Go to Appearance > Site Editor and make sure no templates have any customizations
2. Make changes to Product Category and save.
3. Check these are reflected on the frontend.
4. Repeat step 2
5. Check these are reflected on the frontend, and also in the templates list check this has not created an additional template as previously demonstrated in the linked issue.
6. Now clear all customizations again
7. Customize the Product Catalog template and save
8. Check these are reflected on the frontend for the product archive page, and all taxonomy pages (Category/Tags etc)
9. In the Site Editor make some customizations to the Product Category page and save.
10. Make sure these are reflected on the frontend, and also in the templates list check this has not created an additional template as previously demonstrated in the linked issue.
11. Make sure that the Product Catalog changes are still as intended and are reflected on the product archive page, and all taxonomy pages _except_ Product Category (since we have now created its own customized version in Step 9)

### Fix: Edit Mini Cart template part URL [(9348)](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9348)

1. Go to Appearance > Site Editor > Template Parts > Header
2. Add the Mini Cart block to the header. In the settings panel see the link "Edit Mini Basket template part".
3. Clicking this link should take you to the correct URL.

### Use 'enqueue_block_assets' action when is available [(9332)](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9332)

#### Pre-requisites

- Make sure to have some other plugins installed and activated (for example: Stripe)

#### Testing on the Site Editor

1. Be sure that you have the Gutenberg trunk installed.
2. Open the Site Editor, and open the Single Product Template.
3. See that the placeholder image is loaded.
4. Disable the Gutenberg plugin.
5. Open the Site Editor, and open the Single Product Template.
6. See that the placeholder image is loaded.

#### Testing on the frontend

1. With the Stripe plugin activated, go to your store;
2. Add a product to the cart;
3. Check if you are able to finish an order without errors;
