# Testing notes and ZIP for release 10.2.2

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/11612989/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## WooCommerce Core

### Fix Mini-Cart block check to see whether a script has already been enqueued. ([9649](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9649))

0. Make sure you have WC core 7.7.1.
1. Enable a block theme.
2. Add the Mini-Cart block to the header of your store.
3. Go to the frontend and open the Mini-Cart drawer. Verify it opens.
4. Install the Page Optimize and Product Bundles plugins (no need to change anything in their configuration).
5. Go to a page in the frontend that doesn't have any blocks besides the Mini-Cart you added to the header.
6. Open the Mini-Cart drawer and verify it opens without JS errors.

### Experiment: Replace style hooks coming from @wordpress/block-editor. ([9251](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9251))

1. Smoke test blocks that have block styles.
2. Specifically test adding a Filter by Price, a Filter by Stock and a Filter by Attribute blocks to the template, and modify their styles. Ensure they are displayed correctly in the editor and the frontend.
4. Add the Products (Beta) block and test changing spacing, color, typography, etc. to one of its inner blocks. Verify styles are applied correctly to the editor and frontend.

### Fix colors not being applied to Mini-Cart Proceed to Checkout Button in the editor. ([9661](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9661))

1. Enable a block theme.
2. Add the Mini-Cart block to the header of your store.
3. Go to Appearance > Editor > Template Parts > Mini-Cart.
4. Modify the text and background colors of _Mini Cart View Cart Button_ and _Mini Cart Proceed to Checkout Button_. Try with colors from the palette and with custom colors. Try also changing the Style from _Default_ to _Outline_/_Fill_.
5. Save the template part and reload the page. Verify the colors persisted.
6. Go to the frontend, open the Mini-Cart drawer and verify the colors are applied correctly there too.
