# Testing notes and ZIP for release 10.4.3

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/11801978/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## WooCommerce Core

### Products block: fix compatibility with Gutenberg 16. ([9916](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9916))

1. Ensure that you have Gutenberg 16 installed and enabled.
2. Open the post/page editor.
3. Add the Products Block.
4. Ensure that the Products Block defaults to the grid layout.

### Mini Cart Block: show the total price, including tax, according to the option. ([9878](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/9878))

1. Open the WooCommerce Settings via WooCommerce > Settings from the sidebar menu of the WP-Admin.
2. Enable the option "Enable tax rates and calculations".
3. Click on the "Tax" tab.
4. Click on "Standard Rates" and configure a tax rate. Save.
5. Click on the "Tax" tab.
6. Set the "Display prices during cart and checkout" option to "Including Tax".
7. Now set up a Shipping method going to WooCommerce > Settings > Shipping > Add shipping zone. Create the zone and add a shipping method with a price different from 0.
8.  With the Site Editor adds the Mini Cart in the header.
9. On the front end, add a product to the cart and go to the Cart page, so shipping price is calculated.
10. Go back to the Shop page
11. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows the price including the tax, but not including the Shipping prive.
12. Hover the Mini Cart.
13. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows always the same price.
14. Open the WooCommerce Settings.
15. Click on the "Tax" tab.
16. Set the "Display prices during cart and checkout" option to "Excluding Tax".
17. On the front end, add a product to the cart.
18. Refresh the page.
19. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows the price excluding the tax.
20. Hover the Mini Cart.
21. Ensure that the Mini Cart shows always the same price.
