# Testing notes and ZIP for release 10.8.3

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/12322309/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## WooCommerce Core

### Create wc-all-block-styles chunk with all blocks stylesheet for classic themes. [#10543](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/10543)

⚠️: Following these testing instruction for a classic theme (Storefront) and a block theme (TT3)

#### For classic theme ensure that is loaded only `wc-all-blocks-style.css` and `wc-blocks-vendors-style.css` stylesheets

#### For block theme sure that is loaded only the stylesheets of blocks visible in the page

1. Create a post or page and add the All Products block. Verify styles are loaded correctly.
2. Visit the page in the frontend and verify styles are loaded correctly in the frontend as well.
3. Repeat steps 1 and 2 with all blocks listed on [this page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/woo-gutenberg-products-block/). Make sure to test each block individually. So, when possible, try with only one block on the page (in some cases, that's not possible, ie: filter blocks, in that case, try with as few blocks as possible on the page). The reason is that we want to make sure each block includes the style dependencies that it needs, so they need to be tested in isolation, otherwise styles from other blocks might leak into other blocks and "help fix issues".

### Fix the "On Sale" badge position. [#10550](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/10550)

1. Enable the `Storefront` theme.
2. Create a new page or post.
3. Add the `Products by Attribute`, `Products by Tag`, `Products by Category`, `Handpicked products` and `All products` blocks.
4. Check the `Sale` back shows on the top-right corner of the image on all of them, in the editor and in the frontend.
