# Testing notes and ZIP for release 3.1.0

Zip file: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/4995326/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## All Products

### Product summary inner block renders in the frontend

First, let's make sure at least one of the products has a summary:

1. In the admin, go to Products > All Products.
2. Edit any of the products.
3. Scroll down to the Product short description text area.
4. If it's blank, add some text there.
5. In the sidebar, click on Update.

Now, let's make sure the bug is fixed:

1. Create a page and add the All Products block.
2. Click on the pencil icon on the block toolbar to edit it.
3. Below the image add an atomic block: the Product Summary.
4. Verify a text has appeared: `Fly your WordPress banner...`.
5. Click on Done at the bottom of the block.
6. Click on Publish at the top right of the screen to publish the page.
7. Click on the View Post button to view the post in the frontend side of your store.
8. Verify the Product summary block is rendered for products which have it.

### There are no regressions with other inner blocks

There have been changes in the way All Products inner blocks are loaded, so it should be tested that other inner blocks, in addition to the Product summary block, work fine in the editor and the frontend.

## Styling regressions

This new release has a new system to generate the styles, so it would be great to test all blocks and verify there are no visual regressions or anything looking weird. The list of all blocks is:

-   [ ] Featured Product Block
-   [ ] Featured Category Block
-   [ ] Hand-picked Products Block
-   [ ] Best Selling Products Block
-   [ ] Top Rated Products Block
-   [ ] Newest Products Block
-   [ ] On Sale Products Block
-   [ ] Products by Category Block
-   [ ] Products by Tag Block
-   [ ] Products by Attribute Block
-   [ ] Product Categories List Block
-   [ ] Reviews by Product
-   [ ] Reviews by Category
-   [ ] All Reviews
-   [ ] Product Search
-   [ ] All Products
-   [ ] Filter Products by Price
-   [ ] Filter Products by Attribute
-   [ ] Active Product Filters

Note: The below blocks only need tested for the feature plugin

-   [ ] Cart
-   [ ] Checkout

## API regressions

We also made some changes to our API endpoints to make them work correctly with WordPress 5.5. We should make sure interacting with the following blocks doesn't show errors in the console or the PHP logs:

-   [ ] Reviews by Product
-   [ ] Reviews by Category
-   [ ] All Reviews
-   [ ] All Products
-   [ ] Filter Products by Price
-   [ ] Filter Products by Attribute
-   [ ] Active Product Filters

Note: The below blocks only need tested for the feature plugin

-   [ ] Cart
-   [ ] Checkout
