# Testing notes and ZIP for release 3.7.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/5220435/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## The following changes affect the feature plugin only

### Allow shoppers to sign-up for an account from the Checkout block. ([3331](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3331))

Merchants can now enable shoppers to sign up for a user account when completing purchase via the Checkout block. This feature requires WooCommerce 4.7 or newer and the Checkout block.

1. Ensure you can see emails from your test site (e.g. new customer account notification email).
2. Ensure your store is running WooCommerce 4.7 RC or newer.
3. Install and activate WooCommerce Blocks 3.7 or newer.
4. Ensure checkout page uses the checkout block – replace the checkout shortcode (if used). Ensure you have a valid payment method set up.
5. Log out of your store user account if necessary (or use an incognito window). Add something to cart and proceed to checkout block page.
6. Enter an email address and complete the form.
7. Check the `Create an account` checkbox.
8. Complete & submit checkout.
9. Find the `Your {store} account has been created!` email. Copy the `Click here to set your new password.` url.
    - Link should look something like this: `http://localhost:8333/my-account/lost-password/?action=newaccount&key=6lye4PPX11pbjWPJozSR&login=bob`
10. In an incognito window, or after logging out, navigate to set password url.
11. Should see reset password form (2 password fields) with `Set password` title.
12. Reset the account password and confirm the customer account and password are all correct.

See also [related testing instructions in WooCommerce Core](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/wiki/Release-Testing-Instructions-WooCommerce-4.7#improvements-to-my-account--lost-password-endpoint).

### Fix 3D secure payment errors. ([3272](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3272))

1. Install Stripe payment gateway and set it up.
2. Add products to the cart and go to a page with the Checkout block.
3. Place an order using Stripe with the card number `4000 0027 6000 3184` (it will open an authentication modal).
4. Click Cancel or fail the authentication.
5. Verify only one error is displayed, inside the payment methods step.
6. Without modifying the payment number, click on `Place order` again and verify the authentication modal appears again and you can complete the order.

### Correctly process orders with \$0 total (e.g. via coupon) in Checkout block. ([3298](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3298))

1. Add a $0 product to your cart and checkout. Here are two ways to set up a $0 order:

-   Configure a "100% off" coupon and use it.
-   Set the price for product(s) to \$0 (and only add those products to cart).

2. Complete payment and submit the order.
3. View order in back end.
4. In the same user/browser session as the first order, repeat another \$0 order and submit.
5. View orders in back end and confirm both orders are present and correct.

### Respect Enable Taxes setting for checkout block taxes display. ([3291](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3291))

1. Enable taxes and set up a tax rate.
2. Set these tax options:

-   `Display prices in the shop: Excluding tax`
-   `Display prices during cart and checkout: Including tax`

3. Add items to the cart.
4. View the Checkout block. Tax component should be visible and show tax amount.
5. Disable taxes: `WooCommerce > Settings > General > Enable taxes: [unchecked]`.
6. View the Checkout block. Tax component should not be displayed, no taxes should be included in total. Note you may need to refresh the Checkout page if tax values are cached.

### Improve layout of Cart block line item quantity selector & price on smaller screens. ([3299](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3299))

1. Add items to cart with a cost that has 3 leading digits.
2. Go to a page with a Cart block.
3. Reduce the viewport and check how the price behaves below 320px width.
4. View Cart block in various screen sizes and devices and ensure that line items look and function correctly.

## The following changes affect feature plugin and WooCommerce package

### Standardise & refactor colors scss to align with Gutenberg colors and WooCommerce brand. ([3300](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3300))

Test all blocks in editor/frontend and verify there are no evident issues with its display (layout completely broken or colors that are not correctly assigned). You can copy & paste [this gist](https://gist.github.com/Aljullu/d9c76ed510ae6973bd41dcc4184e8eb2) into the editor to automatically add all blocks. You might need to paste it with `Ctrl + Shift + V` so styles are removed and the editor can transform it into blocks.

### Show current selected attributes when re-edit Products by Attribute block. ([3185](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3185))

1. Add a Products by Attribute block.
2. Select some attributes and click on Done.
3. Click on the pencil icon to edit the block again.
4. Confirm your existing attributes are selected by default.
