# Testing notes and ZIP for release 3.7.1

> Note: These tests only apply to the feature plugin, nothing in this release impacts what is exposed in WooCommerce core via package.

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/5493854/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

All tests require:

-   Checkout block published in woo checkout page.
-   Items added to cart.
-   Anon / incognito user session.

## Test 1: Store API will only create an account if store options allow it

1. Render checkout block with `Create an account?` checkbox. We're going to use a stale copy of the page to submit a checkout API request with `should_create_account=true`.
    - Ensure `WooCommerce > Settings > Accounts & Privacy > Allow customers to create an account during checkout` is checked (temporarily enable).
    - Edit checkout page, ensure `Allow shoppers to sign up for a user account during checkout` is enabled, publish.
2. In another browser/window, view checkout page (with items in cart, as anon user/logged out). Should see `Create an account` checkbox.
3. Complete checkout form and check `Create an account`. **Do not submit** (yet).
4. As admin, disable `WooCommerce > Settings > Accounts & Privacy > Allow customers to create an account during checkout` and save settings.
5. Submit checkout (with `should_create_account=true`).
6. Ensure no account is created for the customer, and the order is processed correctly.

As an alternative to (1), could also hack the JS REST request to always send `should_create_account=true`, or use other approaches to call the API with that value set.

## Test 2: Checkout block will only offer to create an account if store options allow it

1. As admin, disable `WooCommerce > Settings > Accounts & Privacy > Allow customers to create an account during checkout` and save settings.
2. View checkout page and ensure there is no `Create an account` checkbox.
3. Repeat the above test with different block settings and ensure no checkbox is displayed unless store option is enabled. E.g. allow checkout signup in settings, enable block `Allow shoppers to sign up for a user account during checkout` setting, publish, change store setting and refresh page.

## Other possible tests

-   Repeat similar tests with a custom plugin implementing `woocommerce_checkout_registration_enabled` hook to disable checkout signup.
-   Test various combinations of store settings (e.g. guest checkout `Allow customers to place orders without an account`) and ensure that accounts are created when appropriate.
-   Test with WooCommerce < v4.7 and ensure that checkout block sign-up feature is not available, and there is no way to sign up using checkout block.
