# Testing notes and ZIP for release 4.0.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/5654619/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce core

### Input appearance in IE 11 (Create IE11 SCSS mixin)

Setup:

-   Create a Products Block, Filter by Price Block, and Checkout Block.

Testing:

-   [ ] With IE11, check that there are no visual regressions in the Filter products by price block.
-   [ ] With IE11, check that there are no visual regressions in the checkboxes of the Checkout block.

See screenshots in <https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3473>.

## Feature plugin only

### Fix notice close button color in Twenty Twenty One dark mode

Setup:

-   Install and activate Twenty Twenty One.
-   Go to Customize > Colors & Dark mode and check the Dark mode support checkbox.
-   In the frontend, make sure the dark mode is enabled and go to a page with the Checkout block.

Testing:

-   [ ] Try submitting the form leaving one of the required inputs empty so the error notice appears.
-   [ ] Verify the close button is visible.

### Ensure correct alignment of checkout notice's dismiss button

Setup:

-   Enable Storefront theme
-   Add an item to the cart and go to the checkout block

Testing:

-   [ ] Leave a required field on the checkout form blank and attempt checkout
-   [ ] Ensure the error notice's dismiss button is aligned to the right

See screenshot in <https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3455>.

### Fix notices in console on Checkout (Update @wordpress/components to v. 11.1.1 and @wordpress/base-styles to v. 3.2.0)

Setup:

-   Add the checkout block to a page.
-   Add an item to your cart, and go to checkout.

Testing:

-   [ ] Change the value of the Country/Region select.
-   [ ] Verify no errors appear in the browser console.

### Checkout block: Fixes around account creation and coupon validation

Setup:

-   Create a coupon with a usage requirement of a specific email address.
-   Enable registration during checkout.
-   Add the checkout block to a page.
-   Add an item to your cart, apply the coupon, and go to checkout.

Testing:

-   [ ] Fill out the checkout form, and indicate that you would like to create an account. Use an email address different to the coupon restriction. Submit the form.
-   [ ] Confirm a coupon error appears, and the create account signup box is hidden.
-   [ ] Submit the form again. Order should go through without error.

### Remove held stock for a draft order if an item is removed from the cart

Setup:

-   Setup a stock managed item with 1 in stock
-   Add that 1 item to the cart
-   Go to checkout
-   Go back to the cart and remove the item from your cart

Testing:

-   [ ] From another device or in another browser, add the same item to the cart. No stock errors should be shown.

### Make sure cart is initialized before the CartItems route is used in the Store API

Setup:

You need to use the StoreAPI. Add an item to your cart via the API (replacing the product ID with one from your store).

POST `https://yourstore.test/wp-json/wc/store/cart/add-item`

```text
{
	"id": 163,
	"quantity":1
}
```

Testing:

-   [ ] GET the following endpoint: `https://yourstore.test/wp-json/wc/store/cart/items`. There should be a valid response with response code 200.
