# Testing notes and ZIP for release 4.3.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/5837152/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce core

No changes.

## Feature plugin only

### - Update input colors and alignment. ([3597](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3597))

1. Open a page with a Checkout Block and observer the checkboxes and radio buttons - they should be clearly visible.
2. Go to the page Customizer and change page background to a dark color.
3. Again check the checkboxes and radio buttons at the page with the Checkout Block - they should be clearly visible.

### - Store API - Fix selected rate in cart shipping rates response. ([3680](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3680))

1. Get a cart response from the API.
2. Check shipping packages are returned correctly.

### - Create get_item_responses_from_schema abstraction. ([3679](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3679))

1. Get a cart response from the Store API.
2. Check response contains correct: items, coupons and shipping information.

### - Show itemized fee rows in the cart/checkout blocks. [3678](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3678)

1. Use the following code snippet in woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.php:

```php
add_action( 'woocommerce_cart_calculate_fees', 'add_fees', 10 );
function add_fees( $cart ) {
    $cart->add_fee( __( 'Packaging 1', 'woo-gutenberg-products-block' ), 100, true );
    $cart->add_fee( __( 'Packaging 2', 'woo-gutenberg-products-block' ), 50, true );
}
```

2. Go to the cart page and see fee rows.
3. Go to checkout page and see fee rows.
4. Test with and without prices including tax in WC Tax settings.

### - Extensibility: Show item data in Cart and Checkout blocks and update the variation data styles. ([3665](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/3665))

Variations:

1. Add a variable product to your cart and go to the Cart and Checkout pages.
2. Verify variations are displayed with the new design (a list instead of separated by /).

WC Subscriptions:

1. Currently, WC Subscriptions doesn't use cart item data yet, but you can checkout this WIP branch to test it: fix/subscription-details-cart-item-data.
2. Create a subscription product with free trial and/or sign up fee.
3. Add that product to your cart and go to the Cart and Checkout pages.
4. Verify the free trial and sign up fee are displayed.

WC Product Add-Ons:

1. Create a product with a product add-on.
2. Add that product to your cart and go to the Cart and Checkout pages.
3. Verify add-on data is displayed.
