# Testing notes and ZIP for release 6.2.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7431561/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature Plugin

### Cart v2: The cart block, like checkout block, now supports inner blocks that allow for greater customizability. ([4973](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4973))

1. Insert the Cart block into a new page and smoke test the following functionality:

-   Confirm you can select inner blocks in the Cart.
-   Change some settings of inner blocks. Preview your changes and make sure they persist on the frontend of your store.
-   Using the Cart block's toolbar switch from the Filled Cart to the Empty Cart. Confirm you can switch back and forth between both states.
-   Change the content of the empty cart. Preview your changes and make sure they persist on the frontend of your store.
-   Add custom classnames. They should persist on all blocks.
-   Change the alignment options. Again, changes should persist.
-   On frontend of your store, you should see a loading indicator before seeing your cart.
-   On frontend of your store, add an item to your cart. Now when you empty your cart, the cart should change to the empty cart state.

### Fix custom classname support for inner checkout blocks. ([4978](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4978))

1. Smoke test the Checkout block.
2. Confirm you can add classnames to the Checkout block's inner blocks and that they persist on the frontend of your store.

-   Select an inner block e.g. the shipping address.
-   In the block's sidebar settings, open the Advanced section.
-   Add additional CSS class(es).
-   Preview the changes on the frontend of your store.
-   Inspect the inner block using your browser's developer tools and confirm the class(es) are present.

### Fix a bug in free orders and trial subscription products. ([4955](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4955))

1. Create a free (\$0) virtual product. Add only this product to the cart.
2. View the Checkout block on the frontend of your store. The Payment and Express Payment steps shouldn't show.
3. Place the order. You should not see an error.

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Improve accessibility for the editor view of the Product search block. ([4905](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4905))

1. Create a new post and add the Product Search block.
2. Start a Screen reader e.g. toggle VoiceOver on macOS by pressing Command+F5.
3. Select the Search label block and confirm that it's announced as Search label.

### Remove duplicate attributes in saved block HTML. ([4941](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4941))

1. Smoke test that all WooCommerce Blocks render on the frontend of your store.
2. Add the Checkout block to a page and save. Smoke test that it works as expected both in the editor and on the frontend of your store.

### Fix render error of Filter by Attribute block when no attribute is selected. ([4847](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/4847))

1. Ensure your store has no product attributes set up. You can delete them on the Products > Attributes page.
2. Create a new product attribute with no products assigned to it.
3. Create a new page and add the Filter by Attribute block.
4. Click the Done button at the bottom of the block without selecting any attribute.
5. Confirm a related warning message appears.
6. Edit the block using the pencil icon in the block toolbar.
7. Select the previously created attribute that isn't assigned to any product.
8. Confirm a different warning message appears.
