# Testing notes and ZIP for release 6.5.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7661998/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature Plugin

### Add global style for Product Categories List block ([5133](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5133))

1. Install and enable Gutenberg plugin
2. Install and enable a block theme (e.g. TT1 Blocks)
3. Add the "Product Categories List" block to a post
4. Verify you can change the text color, font size, and line-height.
5. Save
6. Go on the page and check if there are changes
7. Reset to default
8. In WP Admin go to the Site Editor via the menu item.
9. Click on the Global styles icon
10. Verify the Product Categories List block is shown, and you can tweak its styles
11. Save
12. Go on the page created earlier and check if all styles are applied correctly
13. Edit previous post/page again
14. Change again text color, font size, and line-height
15. Save
16. Check if these styles have priority over the styles from the Site editor.

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Fix Featured Product Search not working for large stores ([5156](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5156))

1. Ensure you have a large catalog of above 100 products (or download [this](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7666753/100_wc_products.csv) CSV)
2. Insert Featured Product Block in the editor
3. Enter a search term for a product not visible in the list (if you've downloaded the above CSV try WordPress Pennant)
4. Should see relevant search results based on search
