# Testing notes and ZIP for release 6.9.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/7980490/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## WC Core

### FSE: Revert "Allow LegacyTemplate block to be reinserted, only on WooCommerce block templates.". ([5643](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5643))

1. Load Appearance > Site Editor and select one of the WooCommerce templates. Confirm it loads the correct Legacy Template block in the Editor for the given block template.
2. Remove this block, you should not be able to reinsert it and do not save (this is expected as part of this revert)
3. Refresh the page and confirm the correct Legacy Template block still gets rendered in the Site Editor
4. Customise this template, and save it. Now reload this template and ensure it loads the customised template in the 5. Site Editor and on the frontend.
5. Try clearing the customisations on Site Editor > Templates screen, ensure these are reset in the Site Editor and on the frontend.

### FSE: Add support for the global style for the Featured Category block. ([5542](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5542))

1. On WordPress 5.9, install and enable the Gutenberg plugin.
2. Install and enable the Twenty Twenty-Two theme.
3. Add the Featured Category Block to a post.
4. On the right sidebar, personalize the styles of the block.
5. Go on the page and check if there are changes.
6. Reset to default using the Reset button from the different sections.
7. Go to Dashboard and select Appearance > Editor (beta). On top of the screen, select Home > Browser all templates > Single Post. When the page is loaded, add the block to the page.
8. On the Editor page click on the Styles icon on the right-top corner.
9. Verify that the Featured Category block is shown under the Blocks section. Personalize again the block.
10. Save your changes.
11. Go on the page created earlier and check if all styles are applied correctly.
12. Edit your previous post/page again.
13. Change again the styles.
14. Save your changes.
15. Check if these styles have priority over the styles from the Site Editor.

### FSE: Enable Mini Cart template-parts only for experimental builds. ([5606](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5606))

1. Using Wordpress 5.9, select a block theme e.g. TT1 Blocks.
2. Open Appearance > Editor > Templates Parts.
3. Check that Mini Cart template is NOT visible.

## Feature Plugin only

### Show express payment button in full width if only one express payment method is available. ([5601](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5601))

1. Create a test page with the checkout block.
2. Install the WooCommerce Stripe Gateway plugin and enable express checkouts.
3. Go to the frontend.
4. Add a product to the cart.
5. Go to the checkout page using the Chrome browser, where you are signed in with a Google account that has payment information stored in Google Pay (you might need to test using your personal profile in Google Chrome)
6. Ensure that the express payment button is displayed in full width.
7. Install the WooCommerce Payments plugin and enable express checkouts as well. (Note: The WooCommerce Payments plugin cannot be used on a local development site.)
8. Go to the checkout page.
9. Ensure that the express payment buttons is displayed next to each other.

### Wrapped cart item product contents in inner div. ([5240](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5240))

1. Add two different products to the cart.
2. Visit the cart page.
3. Inspect the cart table when the small/medium/large CSS breakpoints are active.
4. Confirm that no visual issues are caused by the additional div wrapping the product.

### Fix alignment issue with the "create account" section on the checkout block in the editor ([5633](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5633))

1. Create a test page and add the checkout block.
2. Click on email address field.
3. Open settings sidebar.
4. Activate Account Options » Allow shoppers to sign up for a user account during checkout.
5. Verify that the Create an account? section has [sufficient top margin](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3323310/150910947-7e54c5cc-6f65-4eb9-8a9b-16328d0af2c1.png) as opposed to [being crammed](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3323310/150910955-97d4fb04-a619-40ce-8758-32ba4aa90bb0.png).
