# Testing notes and ZIP for release 7.1.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/files/8153605/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Add Global Styles support to the Product Price block. ([5950](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5950))

1. Be sure that you are on `WordPress 5.9`.
2. Install and enable the `Twenty Twenty-Two` theme.
3. Select Appearance > Editor (beta). On the Editor page click on the `Styles` icon in the top-right corner.
4. Edit some Global Styles e.g. color & font-size for the Product Price block in the Blocks section.
5. Create a new post and add the All Products block.
6. The Price component should reflect the changes made in Global Styles.
7. Click the Edit icon in the block toolbar. Select the Price block and change its styles in the right sidebar. Click Done & save.
8. Ensure the local styles override the Global Styles on the Frontend of your store.

### Add Global Styles support to the Add To Cart Button block. ([5816](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5816))

1. Be sure that you are on `WordPress 5.9`.
2. Install and enable the `Twenty Twenty-Two` theme.
3. Add the `All Products` block (this block contains the `Add To Cart Button Block`) to a post.
4. Click the Edit icon in the block toolbar. Select the `Add To Cart Button`.
5. On the right sidebar, personalize the styles of the block. Click Done & save.
6. View the post on the Frontend and confirm your changes changes.
7. Reset to default using the `Reset` button from the different sections.
8. Go to Dashboard and select Appearance > Editor (beta). At the top of the screen, select Home > Browse all templates > Single Post. When the page is loaded, add the `All Products` block to the page.
9. On the Editor page click on the `Styles` icon in the top-right corner.
10. Verify that the `Add To Cart Button` is shown under the `Blocks` section. Personalize the block again.
11. Save your changes.
12. Go on the page created earlier and check if all styles are applied correctly.
13. Edit your previous post/page again.
14. Change the styles again and save your changes.
15. Check if these new styles have priority over the global styles from the Site Editor.

### Store API - Introduced `wc/store/v1` namespace. ([5911](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5911))

1. Smoke test checkout process to highlight any problems with cart/checkout endpoints.
2. Smoke test the All Products block to highlight any problems with product endpoints.
3. Try accessing old endpoints, for example, `https://store.local/wp-json/wc/store/cart`. These should still work.
4. Try accessing new endpoints, for example, `https://store.local/wp-json/wc/store/v1/cart`.

### Renamed WooCommerce block templates to more e-commerce related names. ([5935](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5935))

1. Be sure that you are on `WordPress 5.9`.
2. Install and enable the `Twenty Twenty-Two` theme.
3. Select Appearance > Editor (beta).
4. Select the dropdown next to Home and click the "Browse all templates" button.
5. Confirm that the WooCommerce block template names appear on the list according to the following table:

| Old Title        | New Title            |
| ---------------- | -------------------- |
| Product Archive  | Product Catalog      |
| Product Tag      | Products by Tag      |
| Product Category | Products by Category |
| Single Product   | _no change_          |

### Featured Product block: Add the ability to reset to a previously set custom background image. ([5886](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5886))

1. Add a Featured Product block to a page, post, or template. Select a product that has a product image.
2. In the block toolbar, click Replace and add custom background media.
3. The button to Reset the image should become available in the block toolbar.
4. Clicking the Reset button should remove the custom media.
5. The original product image should show again.

## Feature Plugin

### Fix loading WC core translations in locales where WC Blocks is not localized for some strings. ([5910](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block/pull/5910))

1. Go to Settings > General > Language (`/wp-admin/options-general.php`) and select a language which has WC core translation at 100% but WC Blocks' at 0% e.g. `Català`.
2. Go to the updates screen (`/wp-admin/update-core.php`), scroll down and update the language translations.
3. Visit the Cart or Checkout block in the frontend and verify the texts are translated.
