# Testing notes and ZIP for release 8.0.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/9047059/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Enhancement: Footer Template Parts use now `<footer>` instead of `<div>` and Header uses `<header>` instead of `<div>`. ([6596](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6596))

1. Go to a WooCommerce page and view the source.
2. Check the header is wrapped in a `<header>` tag, not in a `<div>` tag.
3. Check the footer is wrapped in a `<footer>` tag, not in a `<div>` tag.

### Enhancement: Replace the ProductTag tax_query field to be the term_id instead of the id. ([6585](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6585))

1. Create a page and add a `Products by Tag` block.
2. Check that is rendered correctly in the editor.
3. Save the page and check that is rendered correctly in the frontend.

### Fix: Ensure WooCommerce templates show correct titles. ([6452](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6452))

1. Install and activate the [Extendable theme](https://wordpress.org/themes/extendable/).
2. Go to `Appearance → Editor → Browse all templates`.
3. Make sure you have `archive-product.html` in your theme's templates directory.
4. Notice the templates shows the correct title and description and not the file name like e.g. `archive-product.html`.

## Feature plugin only

### Enhancement: Make form components require onChange and have a default value. ([6636](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6636))

1. Create a new page with `All Products` block, `Filter Products By Price` block and `Filter Products By Attribute` block.
2. Go to the `All Products` page, ensure you're able to sort products and filter products by price and attribute.
3. Add a product to the cart.
4. Go to the `Checkout` block page.
5. Ensure you're able to use radio controls.

### Fix: Correctly calculate taxes for local pickups. ([6631](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6631))

1. Set store address to `123 Test Street, 90210 Beverly Hills, CA, USA`.
2. Enable taxes.
3. Add a `"Standard" tax rates` in US, CA and set it to `10%`.
4. Add the following shipping methods: `Flat rate` for $10 and `Local pickup` for free.
5. Add a payment option (e.g., `Cash on delivery`).
6. Add a physical product to the cart.
7. Use an outside state address on the front-end. (e.g., `60 29th Street #343, 35005 Birmingham, AL, USA`).
8. Go to the `Cart` block and select the `Local pickup` shipping method. Check that we have a tax of 10% applied.
9. Go to the `Checkout` block and select the `Local pickup` shipping method. Check that we have a tax of 10% applied.
10. Place your order. Check on the `Order received` page that the displayed **tax is actually added to the total**.
11. Go to `Edit Order`. Check that **taxes were applied correctly there as well**.
12. On the `Checkout` again, select `Flat rate`, using the same external address, and make sure **taxes are not applied**.
