# Testing notes and ZIP for release 8.1.0

Zip file for testing: [woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/files/9131847/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block.zip)

## Feature plugin and package inclusion in WooCommerce

### Update WooCommerce block template descriptions. ([6667](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6667))

1. Activate a block theme, like Twenty Twenty-Two.
2. Open the Appearance > Editor (Beta).
3. Using the dropdown arrow next to the Template name, select the Browse all templates button.
4. Confirm the following updated WooCommerce templates' descriptions:
    - Single Product: Displays a single product.
    - Product Catalog: Displays your products.
    - Products by Category: Displays products filtered by a category.
    - Products by Tag: Displays products filtered by a tag.
    - Product Search Results: Displays search results for your store.

### Add filter URL support to filter blocks when filtering for All Products block. ([6642](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6642))

For each filter block (by Price, by Attribute, by Stock and Active filters) ensure:

1. No regression when used with PHP templates.
2. The URL is updated when checking or unchecking filters.
3. For filter blocks using the filter button, the URL is updated after clicking the filter button.
4. With the updated URL, all selected filters are set correctly after reloading the page. Filter blocks with or without the filter button should work the same.
5. Removing the filter from the Active Filters block should update the URL and the corresponding filter block.

### Add: Allow choosing between single and multiple sections. ([6620](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6620))

1. Edit a page containing an attribute filter block.
2. See no "Attempt block recovery" button for that block.
3. Select that attribute filter block, and see the new setting "Allow selecting multiple options?" set to "Multiple by default".
4. Switch that setting to Single. See the Query Type setting disappear.
5. Switch back to Multiple. Set display style to Dropdown and query type to AND.
6. Save the page.
7. Visit the page on the front end, and see that we can select multiple attributes.

### Prevent Featured Product block from breaking when product is out of stock + hidden from catalog. ([6640](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6640))

1. Add a Featured Product block to a page and save.
2. Head to the product and set the product to Out of Stock.
3. Under WooCommerce > Settings > Products > Inventory, check the box that says "Hide out of stock items from the catalog".
4. Return to the page with your Featured Product block, select it, and select "Edit" to choose a new product to feature.
5. Make sure the block can still be edited to choose a new product.

### Contrast improvement for checkout error messages when displayed over a theme's dark mode. ([6292](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/pull/6292))

1. Use a theme that supports dark mode and enable it, e.g. Eksell.
2. Create a test page and add the checkout block.
3. Click on the checkout block and activate the option Style » Dark mode inputs in the sidebar.
4. Save that test page and go to the frontend.
5. Add a product to the cart and go to the test page with the checkout block.
6. Clear all form fields, if they're pre-filled, and click on place order.
7. See the error messages with sufficient color contrast.
